It's time to sit back and relax with
your favorite drink and listen.
[Music]
Project Wild begins as a search for
control, a way to tame nightmares
through lucid dreaming. Once the
experiment begins, something else slips
through the cracks.
Project Wild by Tin 777.
Part one,
the research.
My eyes opened as a wave of terrible
realization washed over me. The bad
dreams were with me again tonight. The
ones that I'd always kept logged deep
within my subconscious, never wanting
them to exit.
I think we've all experienced that
feeling before. A feeling of being
hypnotized by our dream world, holding
on to a special feeling that we crafted
in our slumber.
Perhaps it was a feeling of pure hot
rage towards your faux friends who
twisted your nighttime reality into a
revival of an embarrassing memory. Or
perhaps it was the deep lust for a woman
that you only encountered ever so often,
suddenly dreamed of being happy
together. The feeling didn't matter,
though. We'd wake up and discover this
feeling was just a strange foreign
concept that our buried selves weaved
for us during slumber and just disappear
at the creek of sunlight.
The truth is though, that feeling would
stick with you. Our dreams are the basis
of our ambitions in the waking world.
They subconsciously direct us towards
something that we kept long hidden, not
knowing that it was not our brain that
was controlling us, but our soul.
ideas stuck with you, resting at the
bottom of your stomach. You were
motivated to do the impossible until
your internal anguish finally rested and
your dreams became tranquil once more.
Sitting on my bedside, rubbing my tired
looking eyes, I felt the feelings of
despair drain from within me as I slowly
came back to reality.
I hated the transfer of the emotions.
made me feel like I wasn't actually in
control of my life and that another
creature deep within me was pushing me
towards something that it wanted control
over.
God, I felt sick. Not the kind of sick
that a doctor could prescribe medicine
for. It was a sick that caused a
constant battle of conquest within me,
forcing me to never know who I really
was or what I really wanted to do with
my life. It was terrible, and my
nighttime realm was the only place where
I truly felt like I knew what I was.
Too bad my paradise was collapsing in
front of my tired eyes.
I got up, staggering to the side,
looking for the light switch. The lamp
already made the room bright, but my
mind was a drift and not thinking
straight.
I pushed forward into the kitchen,
putting an egg down on the stove and
fixing myself up some coffee. I grabbed
the paper and sat down in the kitchen,
looking out the wide windows at the
calming storm that was going on around
me.
What better way to spend a Saturday
morning? Breakfast, a drink, the paper,
and to top it all off, a peaceful storm
outside to soothe the mood.
For a moment, everything seemed right in
the world. Life was cozy. I was cozy,
and I felt refreshed with somewhat of a
good night's sleep.
Sip my coffee, the smell burning
delightfully in my nostrils.
Started to read the headline of the
paper, my eyes squinting.
Body found in train tunnel. Cops
completely baffled.
Stared down in horror. Terrible thoughts
flooding in. This wasn't what I wanted
to see. This was something that I should
never be reminded of. Living alone. I
was in my own little world. A world
where fear couldn't touch me. I flipped
rapidly through the newspaper trying to
get the terrible incident off my mind.
Kitten adoption. Yes. the better
knowledge to know about on a peaceful
morning.
As I grabbed my egg, I found myself
yearning that life was always this
peaceful and that night would be as
calming as it would always be. Began to
get angry with myself, staring directly
towards the newspaper, reading briskly.
Why was reality so awful? Why was there
so much death and hatred in our world
when we could sit nicely in our homes
reading about kittens?
Maybe I was too stupid to understand the
workings of our mind and our desire for
every dark wish we had to be fulfilled.
I knew life would always be like this.
We weren't close to any sort of
advancement here. None. Zippo. It was
the paradox of life. A new problem was
invented every day.
People just couldn't get along. Everyone
had their own little problem which
needed to be fixed one way or the other.
No one wanted to stop and think about
how this interfered with everyone else's
problems.
And life was going to continue like
that. My troubled life will go on with
all its tiny problems which everyone in
the world had. I would have to live with
that.
As I finished my egg, I tried to revert
back to my peaceful state by returning
to the person who knew me best. The
internet. It knew how to fix my
problems. It always had an answer. I
knew WikiHow had some ridiculous answer
to spurred back at me about the troubles
of life, no matter how stupid it was.
Looking at the monitor, I began to
realize that my first problem was that I
was a grown adult living in a secluded
environment alone without a real job who
was using WikiHow to dictate his life.
I tried to think smaller, trying not to
get myself down. I like my life no
matter how silly it might have been to
my family or my friends. And I
definitely got a good living out of it.
My dreams, that's what was important. I
was going to fix my dreams.
I was pretty educated in the sleep area,
but fixing nightmares and other insomnia
related problems always seemed out of my
reach. Shy was required for a better
life, and I was lacking in that
department.
The only upside was that the sunrise was
truly something to admire.
Sitting in your house all groggy, maybe
marathoning Seinfeld at 3:00 a.m. once
again, and then seeing the pure shine of
day slowly creep over the hills and
reach your house is truly a sight to
behold.
The sunrise symbolizes a new day for me,
and I know every new day equals a
happier life. I was getting there. I was
fixing my problems one step at a time.
Or at least I like to think.
I figured by fixing my dreams, I could
use the nightscape to fix my problems in
the real world. Small ones, of course,
those ones that always sat with me,
nagging me as the day went along. I
supposed I could discover my problems or
plague my mind with insecurity and
doubt. Maybe something within me would
give me a clue. After all, dreams are
the gateway to the subconscious.
Clicked a link and an hour later, I
realized I'd gotten nowhere. found
myself on one of those lucid dream sites
that always fascinated me. Definitely
was an interesting topic, but always
seemed like something out of my reach.
Being able to make and destroy worlds at
my fingertips really enhanced the
experience of being in my dream world,
but it was impossible to me. Everything
that is fun is hard. God, what a
terribly unfair world.
As I was about to log off, I saw
something that caught the corner of my
eye. The ability to diminish and fight
off nightmares via lucid dream.
Sat back down and began to scroll again.
Incredibly fascinated with such a topic.
It was the gateway to sleep and possibly
an abundance of lucid dreams.
After a bit, I clicked away and sat down
to watch Netflix. But a thought kept
tugging at me as I stared at the screen.
You're wasting your life. Fix it.
I continued to stare at the screen,
ignoring the desperate voice in my head.
Do something. Be something. Don't sit
there. So, what if it's just a nighttime
escape? Find a way to fix your problems.
I groaned and wouldn't let my
subconscious get the best of me. Fix it,
you worthless piece of garbage.
I sighed and gave in to my basic desire.
My life was not a mess, but but that
didn't mean that it didn't have some
areas that should be stitched back up.
Went back to the computer, desperately
looking for quick ways to lucid dream.
All I got was sites yelling at me to be
patient and develop the mindset and all
that crap. What really caught my
attention was something called wild. It
stood for wake induced lucid dream and
offered a quick and easy entrance to the
world of lucid dreaming.
I only had to wake up 2 hours before my
normal awakening and let my body go to
deep sleep, but my mind stay aware.
Perfectly simple stuff, of course. It
was worth it, though. I could easily
slip right into a lucid state and put my
troubles in the trash.
Really caught my attention was the side
effect, though. Sleep paralysis.
I had definitely heard of it before.
It's like a fever dream on drugs.
One of the sites said that it wasn't as
bad as people make it out to be. They
stated it certainly was a strange
experience.
Back to all those horror stories on the
internet I'd read about sleep paralysis
and knew it wasn't anything like that.
Years of crappy paranormal videos
prepared me for anything.
That was a horror story. And this was
real life. The difference is the people
in this world have brains.
And so the plan was set. The deal with
the devil was made. I was going to go to
bed and let my worries slide away. My
life would fix itself with no effort.
Project Wild was in effect.
Part two. The project
As dusk slowly came upon me, I grew
frustrated at the daylights.
One may question how one could so easily
become fatigued after a day of eating
and video games, but sure was very real.
I knew now that it was time for Project
Wild and was visibly excited.
The idea of an escape from the tiresome
idea of what reality was deemed to be,
one that I couldn't get my mind off.
I could do anything in a world where
problems vanished and the inner self
could be examined.
You could find what made you tick and
find the terrible materials and ideas
holding you back from a happier life.
I was ready. I had no idea what kind of
can of worms was being opened up.
Possibilities were endless, especially
when you forced escapism on yourself.
Sitting in bed, I looked up towards the
ceiling. All was still and the lonely
silence filled the room. Nothing was to
be expected. The increasing sense of
dread came about.
Night, the air itself seemed to be a
whole new feeling which had never been
experienced before. Living alone, the
silence was to be expected, but just
staring up at the ceiling, it was as if
I was truly alone.
and the night had surrounded me.
Then my eyes shut.
I held on to that twinge of awareness,
drifting into a serene nightscape of
vivid colors and feelings which could
never be described.
I was falling into slumber, yet I could
still see beyond my own imagination.
Beauty of life was you never truly
understood how wonderful it was until
you examined each feeling on its very
own.
Process of falling asleep crafted a
sense which really needed to be examined
to understand.
I'm sure we've all felt it sitting in
bed at night. The strange spot between
bliss, terror, and the fear of not
understanding what the next day would
bring.
An hour passed. Well, it could have been
a minute. could have been a year. Time
seemed to disappear. I sat perfectly
still, seeing my room with my eyes
closed.
Colors floated around me. It was as if
I'd entered a whole new reality where
everything was made out of a feeling, an
idea which took you to a whole new realm
of existence.
It was calming. The feeling of fuzziness
had taken over my entire body.
But then the door slammed.
My eyes opened abruptly, darling around
the room in terror.
It hadn't been my imagination. I knew
what I'd heard. In a state where sense
reign supreme, I knew I had full
control.
Silence fell once more. This wasn't the
silence of bliss, rather a silence of
fear. an unknown event happening around
me. A nightmare out of my control.
It was so different from the time I
spent living after daybreak.
The world was out of control. People
slowly being dragged down into the
chaos. Friends, family, I couldn't
control it. Every decision I made had
some unforeseen consequence. One that
would drop me into a deeper hole than I
was already in. A hole I had in dark. a
hole that just seemed to form beneath my
feet when I wasn't looking. Every single
step, every single decision.
And the petrifying thud continued,
slowly making its way closer.
Footsteps
slowly approaching the hall. Each step
slowly increasing the impending sense of
dread.
But what have I done?
I dug my own hole, wishing for control.
I was lured into a trap, a situation I
knew I couldn't handle.
And the footsteps went silent.
What seemed like ages, the entire house
was dead.
The previous noise which haunted in the
distance was gone.
sound of a door opening rang out, but it
wasn't a distant clamor. It was the slow
creek of my door, sitting comfortably
right next to me.
My heart skipped a beat, and I felt as
if the air in the room had vanished.
No breathing pattern could be found,
just a jumbled mess of horror.
Could hear the door hit the wall,
bouncing back upwards, only to hit the
damaged wall once more.
Several seconds before the slam erupted
in my ears.
Tried to let out an audible cry, but
nothing came out.
Lucidity would soon be reached. The
darkness would end. My payload was right
around the corner. This was just a side
effect. Nothing was real. It was my
imagination.
Why did it seem so real? Why was my mind
choosing to believe the terror
surrounding me?
A raspy voice seemed to manifest near my
ear.
Oh, but does it matter? It's real. At
least to you.
I'm here and one could say I'm very
real.
Let's have a chat, won't we? I think
it's long overdue that we have things to
discuss.
I attempted to scream, but no sound was
able to escape my mouth. I was truly
stuck.
Please. Oh, God. Please let me out of
this place.
Oh, you screaming for help. I want to
make this quick and painless. After all,
I've been called here to help you,
haven't I?
Whether you know it or not, we've been
destined to have this little discussion
for a while. You've been wanting it.
Person to talk to. I see you talk to
yourself, whispering those silly little
thoughts under your breath. You wish for
company, and company you will get.
My thoughts weren't even comprehensible
anymore. My head was filled with screams
of agony, wishing for whatever was out
there to leave. The only feeling other
than the deep terror was the long urge
to see the sunrise, the light reaching
over the hills with its warmth. It's all
I ever wanted. All I ever needed.
Please. What are you? What in the hell
are you? Leave. Please help me.
I am lots of things. Some may argue I am
you. Or perhaps your greatest desires,
even the darkest secrets you keep locked
away at the bottom of your own soul.
In the end, it doesn't matter, though.
I'm here not because of what I am, but
because of what I need to do.
Open your eyes.
See for yourself.
I refused. My eyes were locked in
position out of fear, and I had no
intention of seeing whatever hell spawn
laid on the other side of the room.
You're curious, aren't you? Humans are
naturally curious beings.
If you choose to fall asleep, you'll
never know what was standing in your
room that night. You drew it out as
imagination.
But you'd know the truth.
We We would know the truth.
It would bug you for years to pass till
that very special March 12th that will
eventually arise.
March 12th?
Ah, the day of your death. Don't you
know? I find it funny how humans view
death. They're so scared of it. They
never want to face the fact every living
thing has to face. They think it's
mysterious. Something they'll never
truly know the date of. I think most
people know how they'll die. Somewhere
they know when and how their deaths will
play out, but it never truly wants to
surface.
Now, come on. Open your eyes. Don't make
me do it.
After all, you caught me here. You
wanted to talk to me, didn't you? I
little bugs out.
Suddenly, I found my eyes slowly peeking
open.
Didn't want to do it. I was dead afraid
of whatever was in my room, but
something seemed to make me do it. I was
curious. I needed to know what was out
there, or I'd never live it down.
Inside, I was being forced to open my
eyes from sheer curiosity.
The room was empty.
I could only see in front of me, not the
door to my side.
Strong moonlight illuminated the ends of
my room, creating an ominous glow in the
darkness.
There was nothing but a single being in
sight.
Stared around the room, expecting the
voyage to creep back up once more, but
nothing came.
and I moved into my dreamscape. I
couldn't tell anymore. My sense of
reality was gone.
Soon, a shadowy mist seemed to form near
the end of the room, slowly building up
as it clouded the corner. It's beginning
to spread out across the floor. The dark
clouds pouring like waves through the
bedroom.
Creature was slowly forming a monster of
pure black morphing together towards the
ceiling.
It's the monster of my nightmares.
Cliche creature which we all laughed off
at dawn, but true creature of terror as
it loomed over me.
It's blank, lifeless eyes cracked open
and teeth seemed to form within it. It
was a full figure, a demon standing
before me. It moved forward, sliding
next to the bed. Its arms seemed to
extend down to me. true fear manifesting
in every part of my body.
Reached the point where terror had
become so present that I didn't think I
could even feel it anymore. I still
couldn't look away.
The sentient mist, the monster sitting
at my bedside. This was the demon which
called itself my name. It was a monster
I'd seen before, an abnormality I'd
never wished to face.
So present in everyday life, yet we only
ever saw it in our dreams.
What do you see? Your nightmares rolled
up into one. Perhaps that's what I am.
There's no need to be afraid.
I've come for a brief visit, but I will
still always be present.
Let us begin our journey as time is
short.
However, in the realm of the nightscape,
time is never really present.
I wanted it to end. Really wanted it to
all be over. To find myself awake in a
happy place. The world of my own which I
crafted up in my house in the mountains.
Didn't matter if terror was below me. I
was away from it by myself. Happy.
But the creature inside me had other
plans. The creature inside wanted
something more. It wanted peace. A real
disconnection from reality.
Let's get you that, shall we? The being
said, flashing a grin as it crawled on
top of my bed.
Let's see how far your mind really takes
you.
He reached out his hands, grabbing my
head. I could feel his cold, misty
fingers wrap around me as the room
slowly faded away.
Vision was going blurry. The only thing
I could feel was the icy cold completely
covering my body
and everything
was dark.
Part three. The dreamscape.
I woke up sitting in my room. Quickly
pushed back the sheets, standing up in
terror. I'd done it. I'd finally escaped
from sleep paralysis. I was free.
The darkness still laid around me
though. Hours were to go till the
uplifting glow of the sun hit me. Tried
to flick on the light switch, but
nothing turned on.
I froze. Sickening thoughts twisting
within me.
Power's out. Listen to the rain outside.
The power is out and imagination can no
longer get the best of you.
I heard the rain pouring outside.
I smiled, nodding to myself. Yeah, the
power's out and I'm still here. I'm
alive and I'm wonderful. Nothing can
touch me. I can speak.
I opened the bathroom door, rubbing my
eyes groggy.
Everything felt strange, as if the air
had suddenly become lighter. Everything
was a bit blurry, and I was having
trouble making out the room.
looked up at the mirror
and the mist smiled back.
Out of shock, I quickly shuffled
backward and the being seemed to float
out of the mirror effortlessly. I was
dreaming. This was a dream.
I was losing it. It was a dream. A
simple nightmare between sleep paralysis
and daylight. The monster I feared had
found a way to visit me in my slumber.
Is it a dream? Can you really prove to
yourself that this is a dream right now?
Right this very second, that this isn't
reality
and the lines blur so easily.
My eyes met his, the red eyes glowing
back at me. They seemed as if they were
widening, perhaps even growing brighter.
For the first time in the entire night,
I knew I could prove him wrong. My
nightmare was wrong.
I held my palm up and pointed two of my
fingers towards it. Without any
hesitation or any fear, I stuck my
fingers right through my palm. It was
the simplest reality check, a way to see
if the world around me was real or fake.
You always knew the answer. There was no
in between.
And the figure laughed. Oh, how simple
being strung to the concept of what
reality is. Oh, how simple they are. You
knew it. No in between. Just a plain old
dream and plain old reality.
If you're so in control, make me
disappear right now. The inner workings
of your mind pain you so much. Push me
away.
Without any response, I turned away,
focusing on the corner of the bathroom.
The whole room seemed to be as if it was
familiar, yet everything was different
somehow. I knew it was my bathroom, but
the entire place was fancier, more well
done than my small space that existed in
reality.
I was positive no creature stood in
front of me. As for this was my world
now. I was alone in this room and I was
absolutely sure of it. Turned my head
was once again alone.
A smile cracked on my face. A world of
possibilities was now open that I was
alone. the only true present being in
this world.
Would I fly, eat the best slice of
chocolate cake in the world, or perhaps
I could even meet an old friend?
How about we just talk to each other?
Surprises me how ignorant we are on the
surface, ignoring the problem at hand.
So, you could stay in your fantasy
world.
Wake up. Get with the program.
I clenched my fist for the first time
spoke out loud to the figure.
You really think it's noble to face
reality and you're a hero for being with
the problems of society?
I don't know what you are really, but
our imagination is an escape, a place to
go when everything goes terrible back in
reality. Let me dream. Let me experiment
in my mind and go to places I've never
gone before.
So, you've chosen to speak to me. How
brave. Oh, don't get me wrong. I love
dreaming as much as you do. As without
the dream world, I wouldn't be able to
discuss anything.
But do we know when reality and fiction
start to blend? When you're unable to
cope with the complications, you leave
it. But as you find yourself spending
more and more time in this place, what
is your true home?
left all the stragglers behind, facing
the onslaught of terror produced every
day
before we ask ourselves about reality
and fiction. Let's talk about me. I
think you've realized what I am by now.
My eyes pierced down at the bathroom
floor.
I knew. But the idea of what the figure
represented left unanswered questions,
one that I was afraid to answer, for
they would shed new light on ideas that
I wished to ignore.
Perhaps the figure was a representation
of the worries I'd pushed aside for so
long.
I'm you, or perhaps your other you, as
you might call it. I'm the things you
never see during the day but are always
forced to encounter at night even when
you think you're in control.
So when you say you have total control
of this escape
all of a sudden the voice erupted inside
my head. The creature the monster my own
subconscious was within me ripping my
life apart by the seams. Insecurities
raised without notice. A hole within a
hole.
Oh, you are sadly mistaken. You think
you have control. You think you can fix
your problems. Well, I know and I've
known for a long time that things have
been spiraling out of control. You drag
every concept which doesn't fit your
idea of a perfectly happy life down to
me and lock it away.
You think it's gone, but oh, I return. I
manifest in your dreams. I show you the
terror you've ignored for your entire
life, every single night.
You really think you're an insomniac?
Have you just been choosing to stay
awake in fear that the things that show
up every night are too much to handle?
Is this why you want control?
I grab my hair, wishing for the voice to
stop. I shut my eyes, continuing to hope
to wake up, but the satisfaction of
returning to a reality I'd learned to
love had not come.
Sounds were continuing to move within
me. Screams of agony lifting up from my
soul to my mind, manifesting in the
dreamscape around me. Once I finally
opened my eyes, blinding light seemed to
form around me. Pure white room had
formed with nothing but a table with
water standing in the room.
All of a sudden, the creature returned,
but not as the sentient mist which
haunted me. The monster
was me, a full-on copy of me standing
across from the table. Something seemed
off, though, and I recognized the
feeling as the one I'd felt in the
bathroom moments ago. It was me, but the
person I wished to be.
I look more better, more professional,
yet it was still me.
My subconscious knew my dreams, was here
to use them against me.
I'm in control. Me, not you. But never
fear. I'm just you. But the you which
never sees the light of day. The person
you hold so secretly within yourself.
So why do I frighten you? I'm just here
to fix your pitiful life. Reveal the
problems you need to fix.
Why do you choose to ignore them, fix
them, make yourself better? Isn't that
why you're here? I've come to fix you,
to help you.
I stared directly at him. And he looked
right back, piercing directly into my
mind. He saw everything, even the things
I couldn't see. It would always give me
the upper hand in every situation I came
across.
I'm fine with who I am. I'm fine with
every decision I've ever made. It's for
it made me who I am now.
Oh, but are you? Are you really?
There are absolutely no regrets in your
life for all these years. If you're as
perfect as you think you are, what was I
brought here? Something stuck at the
bottom of your heart.
Every day you ask yourself something you
could have done a different way. You
could have done dance instead of rowing
or actually study for once instead of
going out with your friends.
You could have given your one true
friend a ride that night.
Stepped back in shock. Things he was
saying surprised me. Even if I knew what
they all meant, I never even took the
chance to think upon them.
Oh, you might blame those on others
because nothing's ever your fault. It's
other people. Your drunken uncle made
you do the rowing. Ruined your life.
Your friends pressured you, didn't they?
But you can never truly go back from
that one mistake.
That was you. Nothing will ever change
that
single action. Your lack of ability to
care changed someone's life for the
worst.
What do you think it was like sitting
alone like that, waiting for death to
come?
Tell me, let's fix this once and for
all.
Well, I lost control. In that moment, my
fear was replaced by rage, anger.
Everything was my fault. I could have
changed that. I could have changed this,
but I didn't. Look where it had got me.
I wasn't in control anymore. Couldn't
simply hide anything anymore. The
monster inside me was in control.
The table flipped over and the glass hit
the ground, shattering.
As my senses came back to me, everything
froze.
The room was just like it was a minute
ago. My anger changed everything, but it
was reverted quickly.
Smile of power came across my face. I
felt as if I was truly myself finally.
Look, you think you're in control? My
anger, my rage, it changed this place.
You fight back, but consciousness will
always win. I can fight the thoughts,
throw them away into deeper holes. You
can't touch me. The fictional world will
always triumph over the terrible things
you show me.
Look down at the glass and concentrated.
The glass burst, and water shot out in
different directions.
Just as quickly as it burst, it froze.
The moment was frozen in place, the
glass breaking and the water shooting
away uncontrollably.
Fix it. Fix my problem. The glass is
broken. It needs to be fixed. It's been
locked in place so that the problem
never truly affects me. Yet, it needs to
be fixed. Fix it.
My subconscious mimicked the rage I'd
built up before, as if he was ready to
hop the table and tackle me. But I knew
we couldn't do that. He couldn't harm
himself. He had to resolve everything
through me. If he had no control over
me, it couldn't be fixed.
Together, we glared at the glass, but
nothing moved. Time remained still. I'd
finally leveled the playing field. The
horror of reality wouldn't win. I would
stay here happy. My problem would remain
in a way where it wouldn't affect me.
Looking up, my smile returned.
It felt good to have full operation over
yourself again. No inside force could
change the way I thought.
"Do you really think you can ignore your
own mind?" he shouted, lifting his head
up to look directly at me. "You can't
disagree with what your subconscious
tells you to do. You're becoming
detached from your own self. Don't you
know what this means? You'll lose
yourself. You'll be stuck here. I'm here
to help.
Then help. Damn it. You weren't here to
take me down as a slave. Don't make me
feel like my whole life is out of my
reach.
I'm in control. Accept it. Accept your
emotion. I I make every single feeling
that you experience every day.
He leaned in, pinching his fingers.
Every little tiny thing you feel is me,
us. I know how you feel about things,
and I know how you feel about this. I
control you. There's nothing you can do
about it.
Suddenly, an overwhelming sense of
emotion swarm through me. Happiness,
anger, fascination, they were all
bursting inside me as a jumbled mess.
My subconscious raised his hand and I
stood slumped, having the overwhelming
feeling of love flow through me.
Couldn't control myself. Perfect feeling
of love was manifesting in every part of
my body. I had desire, yearning. Well,
there was nothing to do about it.
Feels good, doesn't it? See what I mean?
He said quickly twisting his arm.
I suddenly dropped to the ground. All
love vanishing through me.
Now I felt pain. Felt as if I was
nothing. Could feel nothing. Felt like a
dead body slumping endlessly across the
floor.
Dropped down on my knees. Sadness
swarming in me now. The world seemed
bleak. as if I'd truly lost my will to
fight. Nothing could be done to stop
myself. I was his own slave.
Emotions,
feelings, all channel through me. You're
nothing without what lies within.
You become a being who goes with the
flow, unable to think for yourself. You
think first and ask questions later. Is
that what you want? What you've truly
desired the entire time?
I am your emotion. I create what you
feel whether you realize it or not.
Emptiness returned. The emptiness he was
talking about.
I was a puppet living how society told
me to. I could be twisted into any shape
or form as long as it suited the
person's needs.
This this isn't what I wanted. I just
don't want to be held responsible. I
can't live with the truth. How terrible
everything has become in a world where
you can be happy. I just wanted to be
happy. Live a life without worry.
You can be happy. But in order to be
happy, you have to accept the facts.
Face them head on. That's why I'm here.
We want to be happy. We want to live a
life without the terrible fear of
everything being out of control.
Let me wake up. I don't care what you've
come to fix. Let me wake up and truly
appreciate life. Yeah, I get it now. I
need to stay in reality. I'll do that.
Let me do that.
My subconscious stepped backward as if
my answer did something that he never
expected to happen. It surprised him.
The whole room was becoming blurry once
more. Everything was shifting and
changing and no real image could be made
out. My face on the other side of the
table was becoming distorted, turning
into a blob that couldn't be made out.
My dreamscape, the place which was
supposed to be my perfect world, my
paradise, was falling apart at the
seams,
and I was okay with it.
As I opened my eyes to the moonlight
shining out through the curtains, I
finally smiled.
The night of terror was over.
Reality was now to be found around me. I
was no longer in a land where the very
bottom of my mind had control over me.
The only feeling I had was the lingering
memory of the dream, sitting beneath my
mind, subconsciously locked away
forever.
But
something was wrong. Something was
different.
The rooms around me seemed smaller, more
cramped. My house was distorted as if it
was unknown to me. My time in the
dreamscape thrown me off of my own
reality.
I had a luxurious house, once sitting on
top of the mountains, overlooking the
beautiful forest below. Perfect life for
a lonely man.
Why was the house different?
Stared down at my palms, my hands
shaking steadily. I could see the lines
etched in the center of my hand,
stretching off to each individual
finger, all the details included.
Why was the world so blurry then?
Staring at the window, my eyes shot down
the hill towards the woods. A man was
there smiling.
I disconnected myself. I let myself go.
Is this my reality?
A world entranced in dream but truly
hidden in nightmare.
The man stood.
But I disconnected. I let myself go. I'm
no longer here.
A smile cracked on his face. His eyes
growing brightly.
No reality, no fiction, no dreams. Just
you and your mind. You're in control.
You know where you are.
There was a flash, a distortion. His
body changed. Everything was jumbled.
Everything was out of control. It was as
if a videotape had started to cut to
different scenes randomly.
Man,
the idea, the creature, the thing you
could have stopped,
you're in control. You can stop this.
Reality can be fixed. Things can change.
It's not out of your reach.
was behind him. Not the demon I
recognize so often in my dreams. No, he
was gone. It was the killer. The man who
had done it.
You were a witness. He was your friend.
You can stop this. Fix it. End it. Stop
this once and for all. Disconnect.
Everything froze. The man smiled. He
looked directly at me. A big grin spread
across his face.
The shadow. The creature behind him
slowly creeping up. It didn't seem to
move. It only appeared closer and closer
when it seemed as if you weren't
watching.
Fix this. Disconnect.
Now I sat directly behind him, but the
man still smiled. He's looking directly
at me, unmoving, stuck in a fixed
position.
I knew what came next. I knew how I'd
been selfish. How I'd lost control.
Disconnect.
The body was there. And yet he still
stood smiling.
I could see his corpse and I could see
it laughing, but he still stood tall.
Everything was flashing as if he
couldn't comprehend both ideas at once.
Disconnect.
I couldn't. As hard as I tried to make
it stop, leave, even save him, I
couldn't do it. I'd lost control. My
subconscious was laughing. If it was
still there, even if I was grounded to
reality, I'd lost my free will that very
night. The night I ruined the poor man's
life.
Well, I could have taken the high road,
done something better, but I was a
coward. In a desperate attempt to fix my
life, I couldn't face the truth. The key
to accepting who I was.
My subconscious
was what he was talking about. My
control, my problems, my feelings. I
knew where the source had come from.
Suddenly, the idea that I could face my
problems, accept them, and fix them
seemed impossible.
My subconscious didn't understand what I
was feeling, what I couldn't confront.
I disconnected from myself.
I needed to disconnect myself, but could
I?
I had one option.
Disconnect.
My palm shook rapidly as I pointed
directly at one of my palms. I moved
quickly, jabbing my fingers directly
through my palm. And my fingers did.
Yes, they went right through as if my
body was air.
I was ready.
Disconnect.
And so I did.
Part four.
The visitor.
I awoke in a chair. The room around me
quickly revealing itself.
I had no clue where I was. This wasn't
my house anymore. Wasn't even an altered
version. Was just someplace entirely
different.
sat in a wooden chair, a man sitting on
the other end of the desk.
It was a sight I'd seen before, one I'd
seen only minutes ago. It was the white
room where I confronted my subconscious.
Only this time, it was dark, except for
the one light bulb hanging from the
ceiling.
"Where am I?" I stuttered.
"You know where the hell you are now?
Speak. You're barely telling us
anything." the man shouted, pushing his
hands down on the desk.
You saw what happened. What were you
doing that night? Why do you refuse to
report such an incident?
What? I said, slowly pushing back in the
chair. I could see the walls forming in
the distance and slowly realized this
wasn't a room within my mind. Oh, I was
being interrogated.
What were you doing? What did the
suspect look like? Answer the questions.
You're running my patience thin.
Man's face was red, yet he was still
noticeably tired.
I looked up at the clock in the
distance, trying my best to read it in
my day's confusion. 12:04 a.m. How long
had I been here?
I'm sorry. It's just been a long day.
Didn't get any sleep last night. Didn't
even know what I was saying anymore.
Words were just rolling out of my mouth.
Now, you've been cooperative so far. So,
why can't you answer the goddamn
question?
I don't know. It's It's just a blur.
Seems like it happened such a long time
ago.
Looked down at my palm. Everything was
blurring. My vision kept coming in and
out of blurriness, and I felt as if I
was going to throw up.
Answer me, please. Let's get this over
with. Please, I'll try your best. What
happened?
I shrunk into my chair overwhelmed with
thoughts.
Please, I can't remember. I was walking
home. I saw my friend. I hadn't seen in
a long time. Had been doing well
financially and I was worried. I looked
scared. A mess even. Something
something was behind him.
Speak clearly. Tell me what happened
next.
lift up my fingers and pointed them
towards my palm. I was at a loss.
Memories were just flooding back. But I
didn't want to remember. I wanted to
stay in my peaceful home up in those
hilly mountains. I could find peace by
myself without the terrible truth. I had
control of what was revealed to me. And
this matter was in the past.
If I truly left the problems behind,
left my old self in the past, then why
was I seeing this? Had I not pushed it
away hard enough? This isn't what I
wanted. This isn't what I wanted to
feel. My subconscious was gone. I was in
control.
But then why did I feel this?
Everything was moving so quick. It was
as if I was rapidly moving from place to
place, facing all the horrors in my life
individually.
My fingers approached my palms, shaking
with immense fear.
Tell me what happened next. What did he
look like?
I kept my eyes open, even though it felt
as if I wanted to close them forever.
What are you doing? Speak to me. We need
you. You were the only witness.
But they didn't need me. I was happy.
And the world didn't affect me. The big,
terrible world was just something in the
past. I had my own problems, my own tiny
ones I could fix by myself.
Everyone else would deal with theirs
similarly, and I'd forget the ones
dealing with the world below me.
People couldn't alter me. I knew who I
was. I've been the same my entire life.
No one could leech onto me, change my
views, my perception of myself, even if
I leapt from world to world rapidly,
ignoring what was there in a heartbeat.
Could I find a way to reality or my idea
of it?
Then my fingers hit my palms.
I step back, my eyes widening.
You can't ignore us. This is the truth
and you have to face it. Do you know how
much better it would have been for him
just to recede into a fantasy world in
the face of death? He knew the truth. He
knew what he was facing. He had to
accept it. And he had to find the
courage to be fine with it. If a dead
man can, then you can as well.
Did he Did he really face the truth? Was
he like that?
My fingers were stuck at my palm. The
world was vanishing before me. In a
flash, everything changed once more, and
the man sitting before me vanished into
thin air, dissolving with the rest of
the room.
I was in my room once more, sitting in
bed.
But this time, the sun was rising.
Even if the night seemed too stretched
out into an endless lifetime of
darkness, the sun still rose. In
darkness, the morning light would still
creep over those hills and rain its
warmth down on all those below.
Every demon receding outside or even
within us would slowly back away. As for
our fears, new daylight was upon us.
Yes, the sun was in the air. I was home
where I needed to be. The world, the
terror inside me was gone.
As long as the sun shone bright, I'd be
in an area I was happy with. I'd reached
my happy ending.
I was awake. The night was over. There
was no mist, no voice inside me, not
even a police officer at my door. I was
in my home and that was final. Nothing
else could change that.
Your palms
simply the illusion of the dream. I knew
the feeling. I think we all do. to wake
up and feel that world collapse around
us, slowly draining away from our
memory, only to be locked up within us.
Those feelings would be stored inside,
altering the ways we acted during the
day. Paradise or hell would disappear,
and only our emotions during the light
would remain.
But now, I was aware. I wouldn't let the
nightmares inside alter my perception of
life. I was here and I knew how I felt.
Still, my house seemed different.
This wasn't the mysterious blurriness of
the dream, recognizing things you'd
never seen before. Everything looked
real, incredibly detailed. Perhaps I'd
never notice the things around me. But
my house almost looked better, a little
more luxurious, as if my simple cottage
was the rich manner I'd always wanted.
I went to the kitchen, was taken aback
by how nice everything looked.
Everything was where it needed to be,
and it seemed my problems had vanished.
This was my life, my wonderful life. I
looked down at my palms for one last
moment, though. My detailed hands seemed
to stand out in the entirety of my
vision, and I felt the urge to perform a
reality check, even if I felt as if this
was truly reality.
I held my fingers up to my palm and
moved them steadily as opposed to the
horrible shaking I'd felt before.
Before I could make contact, I heard a
knock on the door. Staring upwards, I
saw the face of a man, one I couldn't
save, one who haunted my entire life.
He was all right. His problems were
gone. So were mine. He entered and we
sat down laughing and smiling as if all
the bad times were finally behind us.
Even the dirty rags were gone. He was
wearing a fine jacket and jeans,
something I'd never come to expect from
him.
I looked down at my palms and then
looked around me. There was a manor, a
place I had only dreamed of, and a
friend, an old, longlost friend who'
lost himself to a bad decision.
It didn't matter anymore. I was in a
place where I could make good decisions.
I was in control, not some outside force
hiding within me. I could only go up
from here as I'd taken control when I
sat down on my bed in hopes of a lucid
dream.
My world was at peace. I'd fixed
everything by myself.
I did it. I proved myself wrong that I
could take control.
Whatever was within me, whatever feeling
altered my ways was finally gone. I
disconnected from the terror within. My
subconscious couldn't take control
anymore. I had my reality that I could
fix on my own merits.
Yet, I felt different, as if something
had changed within me that morning. I
was an entirely new person, free from
his past terror.
Even if the smile of the man still
continues to glow without interruption,
I'll always be the witness.
Still sits in the woods. Strangely, I
can live with that. In the end, isn't it
true that it gave me everything I
wanted, made my problems go away, even
if it was my problem? I had control. I'd
finally found it through the unlikeliest
of places.
I'd remove the problem which seemed like
it could never be ignored.
Simple really. There was no dilemma
which couldn't be fixed. All I had to do
was
leave yourself.
Become the idea of yourself.
Yes, I was still the witness. That could
be forgotten easily through the help of
good friends. Two good friends. I was in
a place where worry was gone and I could
make sure of it.
But you removed what made you yourself?
You still the idea you dreamed of every
single night? Or are you the puppet?
Someone who goes with the flow and
changes how he sees fit?
It was perfect. Reality was great.
Nothing can change that. Nothing. No one
with it, no one without. Not me, not it.
I still hear the videape.
The one I'm playing on repeat. The one
of the man standing outside.
Every day before I go to bed, I see that
smile and I see the flickers.
See the changes. The ones I can never
comprehend.
But that's okay. It's fine. It just
reminds me of how I can fix everything.
How everything is always in my control
and it won't go away.
[Music]
Okay. So, I'm going to, you know, do my
end waffle. Um, just just say a big
thank you to all of you who've been
around for all these years. Would you
believe it? Um, as 2026 rolls in, it's
going to be 10 years of me doing this.
Wow. Um,
really strange to think that amount of
time has passed and I just kept on
reading these stories. Um, obviously
it's something I love doing. otherwise I
wouldn't have been able to do it for so
long. And um I do really really
appreciate if you know you drop by,
leave comments, click on the like button
and all that kind of stuff. And I I do
always try and get involved in the
conversation below the video because um
I just genuinely appreciate it. I mean I
just some guy who reads stories. I think
I'm pretty good at it and I do genuinely
like the fact that a lot of you enjoy
the work that I produce and you know 10
years is a long time. So, for me to keep
doing that, um, there's only one really
reason that I do, and it's, uh, it's cuz
you're all still out there listening.
So, um, long may it continue. This is,
um, what is it, 20 something of August
now, coming towards the end of summer.
I've had a really nice summer, a family
holiday for the first time in years. And
I took about 6 weeks off work. I had a
lot of time off acred. So, it's been
really nice to just um switch off a
little bit from things and um
concentrate on doing what I love. And um
of course, this is one of those things.
So, yeah, enough of this nonsense. Uh
just thank you everybody. And um may
this long may this continue. Okay.
[Music]
Hey there.
Thank you so much for taking the time to
drop by and listen to this story today.
Really means a lot to me. I put a lot of
time and effort into making these
videos, so it's nice to know that
there's someone out there listening. Do
me a little favor. Would you click that
like button, leave a comment, and if you
really feel like it, why not subscribe,
too?
Okay, happy tales, everyone. See you
soon.